modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet.html.php                 14  DIRTY $form
modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet_stats.html.php           9   DIRTY $api_key
modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet_stats.html.php           9   DIRTY $blog_url
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   4   DIRTY $i
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   5   DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(32, $theme->theme_url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   7         $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   10  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   12        $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   13        $comment->text
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                4   DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                15  DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                42  DIRTY $menu
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                65  DIRTY $spam_caught
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                72  DIRTY $counts->spam
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                75  DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                106 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                106 DIRTY $i
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                109 DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->theme_url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                111       $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                115       $comment->author_email()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                116       $comment->author_email()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                116       $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                122 DIRTY $item->url()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                124 DIRTY $item->thumb_url()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                125       $item->title
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                126 DIRTY $item->thumb_width
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                126 DIRTY $item->thumb_height
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                134 DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                135       $comment->text
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                141 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                150 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                159 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                168 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                175 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                183 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                196 DIRTY $pager
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       2   DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       5   DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->theme_url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       7         $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       12  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       13        $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       16        $comment->text
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       9         $feed->title
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       10  DIRTY $feed->uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       11        $feed->description
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       13  DIRTY $feed->uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       16  DIRTY $feed->previous_page_uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       19  DIRTY $feed->next_page_uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       21  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       22  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       25        $child->title
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       26        $child->item_uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       27        $child->author
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       28  DIRTY $child->item_uri
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       29  DIRTY $child->pub_date
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       32        $child->text
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       34  DIRTY $child->thumb_url
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       35  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
modules/comment/views/comment.mrss.php                       35  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      10  DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      13  DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->theme_url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      15        $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      20  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      21        $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      24        $comment->text
modules/digibug/views/digibug_form.html.php                  5   DIRTY $order_parms
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      14  DIRTY $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      14  DIRTY $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      17        $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      17        $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      21  DIRTY $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      21  DIRTY $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      24        $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      24        $i
modules/exif/views/exif_sidebar.html.php                     2   DIRTY $item->id
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             28  DIRTY $form
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             40  DIRTY $g2_sizes
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             41  DIRTY $thumb_size
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             49  DIRTY $g2_sizes
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             50  DIRTY $resize_size
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             62  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             65  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             68  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             71  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             74  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             77  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             81  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             88  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       22  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       23        $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       25  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       25        $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       27        $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       27  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       29        $var->value
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       4   DIRTY $entry->severity
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       5   DIRTY $entry->user_id
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       5         $entry->user->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       6   DIRTY $entry->timestamp
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       7   DIRTY $entry->message
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       8   DIRTY $entry->html
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              5   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              5   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              7   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      5   DIRTY $photo->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      5         $photo->title
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      6   DIRTY $photo->width
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      6   DIRTY $photo->height
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      7   DIRTY $photo->thumb_url()
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      7         $photo->title
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_platform.html.php          16  DIRTY $load_average
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_stats.html.php             7   DIRTY $album_count
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_stats.html.php             10  DIRTY $photo_count
modules/gallery/views/admin_dashboard.html.php               5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_dashboard.html.php               35  DIRTY $blocks
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                6   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                21  DIRTY $active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                25  DIRTY $available
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             2   DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             11  DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             19  DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 2   DIRTY $tk->graphicsmagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 11  DIRTY $tk->graphicsmagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    2   DIRTY $tk->imagemagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    11  DIRTY $tk->imagemagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               5   DIRTY $settings_form
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               8   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               14  DIRTY $share_translations_form
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             23  DIRTY $task->severity
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             25  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             28  DIRTY $task->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             31  DIRTY $task->callback
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             31  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             44  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             70  DIRTY $task->state
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             72  DIRTY $task->updated
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             75  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             86  DIRTY $task->percent_complete
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             90  DIRTY $task->status
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             93        $task->owner()->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             98  DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             98  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             102 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             102 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             115 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             142 DIRTY $task->state
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             144 DIRTY $task->updated
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             147 DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             159 DIRTY $task->status
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             162 DIRTY $task->owner()->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             166 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             166 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             170 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             170 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             175 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             175 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             178 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             178 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_show_log.html.php    8   DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_show_log.html.php    8   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_show_log.html.php    13  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_show_log.html.php    15        $task->get_log()
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_task.html.php        5   DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_task.html.php        5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_task.html.php        26  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 19  DIRTY $i
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 22  DIRTY $data
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 22  DIRTY $module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 23  DIRTY $module_info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 24  DIRTY $module_info->version
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 25  DIRTY $module_info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_theme_options.html.php           5   DIRTY $form
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  18  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  19  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  19  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  20  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  20  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  22  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  22  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  33  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  33  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  34  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  35  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  36  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  38  DIRTY $info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  56  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  57  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  57  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  58  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  58  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  60  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  60  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  71  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  71  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  72  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  73  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  74  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  76  DIRTY $info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $type
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $theme_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          4   DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          7   DIRTY $url
modules/gallery/views/after_install.html.php                 11        $user->name
modules/gallery/views/after_install.html.php                 15  DIRTY $user->id
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  102 DIRTY $message
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  104 DIRTY $file
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  104 DIRTY $line
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  116 DIRTY $trace
modules/gallery/views/kohana_profiler.php                    32  DIRTY $profile->render()
modules/gallery/views/kohana_profiler.php                    34  DIRTY $execution_time
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   17  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   19  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   20  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   22  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   28  DIRTY $l10n_search_form
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   74  DIRTY $string_list
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   75  DIRTY $plural_forms
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   4   DIRTY $source->id
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   39  DIRTY $tree
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   42  DIRTY $source->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     2   DIRTY $parent->thumb_img(array(), 25)
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     4   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     4         $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     6   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     6         $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     8   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     10  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     11  DIRTY $child->thumb_img(array(), 25)
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     13  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     13        $child->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     15  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     15        $child->title
modules/gallery/views/movieplayer.html.php                   2   DIRTY $item->file_url(true)
modules/gallery/views/movieplayer.html.php                   2   DIRTY $attrs
modules/gallery/views/movieplayer.html.php                   4   DIRTY $attrs
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            15  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            37  DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            38        $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            40  DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            44  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            45        $item->title
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            47  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            48  DIRTY $form
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              9         $group->name
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              15  DIRTY $permission->display_name
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              24  DIRTY $lock->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    3   DIRTY $button->class
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    3   DIRTY $button->href
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    4   DIRTY $button->title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    5   DIRTY $button->icon
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    6   DIRTY $button->title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    20  DIRTY $button->class
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    20  DIRTY $button->href
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    21  DIRTY $button->title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    22  DIRTY $button->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               7   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               9         $item->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               29        $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               31        $item->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               86  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               90  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      44  DIRTY $module->version
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      44  DIRTY $module->code_version
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      45  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      46  DIRTY $module->name
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      49  DIRTY $module->version
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      52  DIRTY $module->code_version
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      75  DIRTY $module->name
modules/gallery/views/upgrader.html.php                      84  DIRTY $upgrade_token
modules/image_block/views/image_block_block.html.php         3   DIRTY $item->url()
modules/image_block/views/image_block_block.html.php         4   DIRTY $item->thumb_img(array("class" => "gThumbnail"))
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       5         $item->title
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       10        $item->description
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       16        $item->name
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       22  DIRTY $item->captured
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       29  DIRTY $item->owner->url
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       29        $item->owner->full_name
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       31        $item->owner->name
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        4         $subject
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        7         $subject
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        11        $comment->text
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        15        $comment->author_name()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        19        $comment->author_email()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        23        $comment->author_url()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        28  DIRTY $comment->item()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        29  DIRTY $comment->item()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               4         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               7         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               11        $item->title
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               16  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               17  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               24        $item->description
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             4         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             7         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             12        $item->parent()->title
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             18  DIRTY $item->parent()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             19  DIRTY $item->parent()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             4         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             7         $subject
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             12        $item->title
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             15        $item->title
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             20  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             20  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             25        $item->description
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             30        $item->description
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     10  DIRTY $item->id
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     12  DIRTY $csrf
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     13  DIRTY $csrf
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     19        $item->title
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     33  DIRTY $album_tree
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     48  DIRTY $button_pane
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               3   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               4   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               4   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               5   DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               5   DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               8   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               8   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               9   DIRTY $selected
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               10        $album->title
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               12  DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               13  DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               14  DIRTY $children
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                4   DIRTY $idx
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                4   DIRTY $pane
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                10  DIRTY $idx
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                10  DIRTY $pane
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          7   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          7   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          8   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          8   DIRTY $item_class
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          9   DIRTY $child->thumb_img(array("class" => "gThumbnail"), $thumbsize, true)
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             6   DIRTY $form->get_key_url
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             10  DIRTY $form
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             23  DIRTY $public_key
modules/recaptcha/views/form_recaptcha.html.php              7   DIRTY $public_key
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              9         $feed->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              10  DIRTY $feed->uri
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              11        $feed->description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              13  DIRTY $feed->uri
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              16  DIRTY $feed->previous_page_uri
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              19  DIRTY $feed->next_page_uri
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              21  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              22  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              25        $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              26  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              26  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              27  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              27  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              28  DIRTY $child->created
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              31        $child->description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              34  DIRTY $child->resize_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              35        $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              36  DIRTY $child->resize_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              36  DIRTY $child->resize_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              38  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              38  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              39  DIRTY $child->thumb_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              40        $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              41  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              41  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              43        $child->description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              47  DIRTY $child->thumb_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              48  DIRTY $child->thumb_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              49  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              50  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              54  DIRTY $child->resize_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              55  DIRTY $child->resize_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              56  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              57  DIRTY $child->resize_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              58  DIRTY $child->resize_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              62  DIRTY $child->file_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              63  DIRTY $child->file_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              64  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              65  DIRTY $child->height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              66  DIRTY $child->width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              70  DIRTY $child->file_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              71  DIRTY $child->file_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              72  DIRTY $child->height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              73  DIRTY $child->width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              74  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/rss_block.html.php                         6   DIRTY $url
modules/rss/views/rss_block.html.php                         8   DIRTY $title
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         11        $q
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         30  DIRTY $item_class
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         31  DIRTY $item->id
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         32  DIRTY $item->thumb_img()
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         34        $item->title
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         37        $item->description
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         43  DIRTY $theme->pager()
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         47        $q
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           14  DIRTY $path
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           14  DIRTY $csrf
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           15  DIRTY $id
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           19  DIRTY $path
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           24  DIRTY $form
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            12  DIRTY $dir
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            13  DIRTY $dir
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            20  DIRTY $file
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            25  DIRTY $file
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            27        $file
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     4   DIRTY $item->id
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     4   DIRTY $csrf
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     8         $item->title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     14        $parent->title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     18        $item->title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     23  DIRTY $tree
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        13  DIRTY $csrf
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        27  DIRTY $tags->count()
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        35  DIRTY $current_letter
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        45  DIRTY $current_letter
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        50  DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        50        $tag->name
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        51  DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        52  DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/tag_block.html.php                         3   DIRTY $cloud
modules/tag/views/tag_block.html.php                         5   DIRTY $form
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         4   DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         4   DIRTY $max_count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         5   DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         6   DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         6         $tag->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      3   DIRTY $csrf
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      36  DIRTY $csrf
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      67  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      67  DIRTY $user->admin
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      68  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      69  DIRTY $user->avatar_url(20, $theme->theme_url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      71        $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      74        $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      77        $user->full_name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      80        $user->email
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      83  DIRTY $user->last_login
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      83  DIRTY $user->last_login
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      86  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      91  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      121 DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      121 DIRTY $group->special
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      123 DIRTY $v
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                3         $group->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                5   DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                6         $group->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                20        $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                22  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                22  DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                25        $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                25        $group->name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            12  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            15        $user->full_name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            15        $user->name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            15        $user->full_name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            18  DIRTY $csrf
modules/user/views/login_ajax.html.php                       37  DIRTY $form
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9         $user->full_name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9         $user->full_name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9         $user->name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   12  DIRTY $confirm_url
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $width
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $height
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $url
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            21  DIRTY $position
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    10  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/yui/reset-fonts-grids.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    11  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/themeroller/ui.base.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    12  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/superfish/css/superfish.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    13  DIRTY $theme->css("themes/default/css/screen.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    14  DIRTY $theme->theme_css("css/screen.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    16  DIRTY $theme->theme_url("css/fix-ie.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    20  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    21  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.form.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    22  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery-ui.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    23  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.common.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    28  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.dialog.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    29  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/superfish/js/superfish.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    30  DIRTY $theme->theme_script("js/jquery.dropshadow.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    31  DIRTY $theme->theme_script("js/ui.init.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    33  DIRTY $theme->admin_head()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    36  DIRTY $theme->body_attributes()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    37  DIRTY $theme->admin_page_top()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    43  DIRTY $theme->site_status()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    45  DIRTY $theme->admin_header_top()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    48  DIRTY $csrf
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    54  DIRTY $theme->admin_menu()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    56  DIRTY $theme->admin_header_bottom()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    62  DIRTY $theme->messages()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    63  DIRTY $content
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    69  DIRTY $sidebar
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    74  DIRTY $theme->admin_footer()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    76  DIRTY $theme->admin_credits()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    80  DIRTY $theme->admin_page_bottom()
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    2   DIRTY $id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    2   DIRTY $css_id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    5   DIRTY $id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    5   DIRTY $csrf
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    10  DIRTY $title
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    13  DIRTY $content
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    13  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    20  DIRTY $previous_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    20  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    27  DIRTY $from_to_msg
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    30  DIRTY $next_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    30  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    37  DIRTY $last_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    37  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          4   DIRTY $theme->album_top()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          5         $item->title
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          6         $item->description
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          16  DIRTY $child->id
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          16  DIRTY $item_class
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          17  DIRTY $theme->thumb_top($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          18  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          19  DIRTY $child->thumb_img(array("class" => "gThumbnail"))
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          21  DIRTY $theme->thumb_bottom($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          22  DIRTY $theme->thumb_menu($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          23  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          23        $child->title
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          25  DIRTY $theme->thumb_info($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          33  DIRTY $addurl
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          39  DIRTY $theme->album_bottom()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          41  DIRTY $theme->pager()
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          2   DIRTY $anchor
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          3   DIRTY $css_id
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          4   DIRTY $title
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          6   DIRTY $content
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        4   DIRTY $theme->dynamic_top()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        6         $title
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        11  DIRTY $child->is_album()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        12  DIRTY $theme->thumb_top($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        13  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        14  DIRTY $child->id
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        15  DIRTY $child->thumb_url()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        16  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        17  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        19        $child->title
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        20  DIRTY $theme->thumb_bottom($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        22  DIRTY $theme->thumb_info($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        27  DIRTY $theme->dynamic_bottom()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        29  DIRTY $theme->pager()
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         2   DIRTY $theme->footer()
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         4   DIRTY $footer_text
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         9   DIRTY $theme->credits()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         2   DIRTY $theme->header_top()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         4   DIRTY $header_text
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         7   DIRTY $theme->theme_url("images/logo.png")
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         12  DIRTY $theme->site_menu()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         15  DIRTY $theme->header_bottom()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         21  DIRTY $parent->id
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         21  DIRTY $item->id
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         22        $parent->title
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         26        $item->title
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          3   DIRTY $theme->photo_top()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          6   DIRTY $position
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          6   DIRTY $sibling_count
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          8   DIRTY $previous_item->url()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          11  DIRTY $next_item->url()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          15  DIRTY $item->movie_img(array("class" => "gMovie", "id" => "gMovieId-{$item->id}"))
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          18        $item->title
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          19        $item->description
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          25  DIRTY $theme->photo_bottom()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           9   DIRTY $page_title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           13        $theme->item()->title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           15        $theme->item()->title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           17        $theme->item()->title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           20        $theme->tag()->name
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           26  DIRTY $theme->theme_url("images/favicon.ico")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           27  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/yui/reset-fonts-grids.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           28  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/superfish/css/superfish.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           29  DIRTY $theme->css("lib/themeroller/ui.base.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           30  DIRTY $theme->theme_css("css/screen.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           32  DIRTY $theme->theme_url("css/fix-ie.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           41  DIRTY $new_width
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           42  DIRTY $new_height
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           43  DIRTY $thumb_proportion
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           48  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           49  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.form.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           50  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery-ui.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           51  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.common.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           56  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.dialog.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           57  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.form.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           58  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/superfish/js/superfish.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           59  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.localscroll.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           60  DIRTY $theme->theme_script("js/ui.init.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           64  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/jquery.scrollTo.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           65  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/gallery.show_full_size.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           67  DIRTY $theme->script("lib/flowplayer.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           70  DIRTY $theme->head()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           73  DIRTY $theme->body_attributes()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           74  DIRTY $theme->page_top()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           76  DIRTY $theme->site_status()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           84  DIRTY $theme->messages()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           85  DIRTY $content
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           99  DIRTY $theme->page_bottom()
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          13  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          20  DIRTY $previous_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          20  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          27  DIRTY $from_to_msg
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          30  DIRTY $next_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          30  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          37  DIRTY $last_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          37  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          8   DIRTY $theme->item()->file_url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          8   DIRTY $theme->item()->width
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          8   DIRTY $theme->item()->height
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          16  DIRTY $theme->photo_top()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          21  DIRTY $previous_item->url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          28  DIRTY $position
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          28  DIRTY $sibling_count
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          31  DIRTY $next_item->url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          41  DIRTY $theme->resize_top($item)
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          43  DIRTY $item->file_url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          45  DIRTY $item->resize_img(array("id" => "gPhotoId-{$item->id}", "class" => "gResize"))
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          49  DIRTY $theme->resize_bottom($item)
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          53        $item->title
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          54        $item->description
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          60  DIRTY $theme->photo_bottom()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        2   DIRTY $theme->sidebar_top()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        6   DIRTY $theme->album_menu()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        8   DIRTY $theme->photo_menu()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        10  DIRTY $theme->tag_menu()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        15  DIRTY $theme->sidebar_blocks()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        16  DIRTY $theme->sidebar_bottom()
